# 出典一覧

1：Digging Up The Roots Of Modern Waste In Victorian-Era Rubbish (1 June 2016)　by LAUREN FRAYER © NPR　　2, 16：東海大学　　3, 42："Do friends make you happier than family?" by Luisa Dillner, 12 June, 2017 © Guardian News & Media.　　5：What Was the Underground Railroad?　by YONA ZELDIS MCDONOUGH and WHO HQ © YONA ZELDIS MCDONOUGH and WHO HQ, Penguin Random House　　6："A long way from the supermarket" from The Economist, © 2014, the Economist Group of Limited.　　8, 13, 68：CREDIT LINE: Expert(s) from SEVEN BRIEF LESSONS ON PHYSICS by Carlo Rovelli, translated by Simon Carnell & Erica Serge, copyright © 2014 by Carlo Rovelli. Translation © 2015 by Simon Carnell & Erica Serge. Used by permission of Riverhead, an imprint of Penguin Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. All rights reserved.　　9, 28, 37, 65：A future of promise and pitfalls as AI technology advances, Staff Writer, © 2017, Japan Times.　　10：Sci-Tech Discovery（科学技術英語入門テキスト）by Brian Cullen © Brian Cullen published by 研究社　　12：How to get a job at Google by Thomas L. Fried © The New York Times　　14, 17：Indonesia: First Humans May Have Arrived in Sumatra in Time for Toba Supervolcano Eruption.from Newsweek, © 2017, Newsweek Media Group. All rights reserved. Used under license.　　15, 23：More Consensus on Coffee's Effect on Health Than You Might Think © The New York Times　　18："Paralympics tries to shake off image as Games for rich countries?" by Peter Walker, 30 August, 2012 © Guardian News & Media.　　21, 22, 72：Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond © 1999, Jared Diamond, W. W. Norton/Brockman　　24, 40：Why Hearing Good News or Bad News First Really Matters. by Art Markman ©Art Markman, published by Psychology Today　　27, 49, 63：慶應義塾大学　　29, 33：Voices of the Earth - Stories of People, Place and Nature／大地の声 by Bruce Allen © Bruce Allen, published by 松柏社　　30："What if we're living in a computer simulation?" by Andrew Anthony, 22 April, 2017 © Guardian News & Media.　　31：Where's my hotel?, Kip Cates © 2013, Japan Times.　　36, 62, 67：CREDIT LINE: "The Paradox of Rest" from Peak Performance: Elevate Your Game, Avoid Burnout, and Thrive with the New Science of Success by Brad Stulberg & Steve Magness, copyright © 2017 by Brad Stulberg & Steve Magness. Used by permission of Rodale Books, an imprint of Random House, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. All rights reserved.　　38：Why We Believe Obvious Untruths　by PHILIP FERNBA　　39, 46, 64："Robots will destroy our jobs – and we're not ready for it" by Dan Shewan, 11 January, 2017 © Guardian News & Media.　　41：Do You Think You Can? (February 15, 2016) ©Voice of America　　44：DAILY MAIL, Sarah Griffiths © 2016, Solo Syndication Limited.　　47：Printed by permission of HarperCollins Publishers LTD © Brian Cox, Andrew Cohen, 2016.　　50：Why humans must not give up the quest for Mars © Guardian　　52 How Do Long Periods in Space Affect the Body and Mind (March 05, 2014) © Voice of America　　54：The American Dream, Quantified at Last by DAV © The New York Times　　56：Science and Religion: A Very Short Introduction, Thomas Dixon, © 2008, Oxford Publishing Limited.　　57：武蔵大学　　58：Effective Reading Upper Intermediate Student's Book, Amanda French & Peter Nicoll, © 2010, Springer Nature Limited.　　59：広島経済大学　　60：You are Not So Smart, David McRaney © 2012, Oneworld Publications.　　66：DAILY MAIL, Simon Neville, © 2011, Solo Syndication Limited.　　70：CREDIT LINE: adapted from "Sorry" from THAT'S NOT ENGLISH: BRITISHISMS, AMERICANISMS, AND WHAT OUR ENGLISH SAYS ABOUT US by Erin Moore, copyright © 2015 by Erin Moore. Used by permission of Gotham Books, an imprint of Penguin Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. All rights reserved.

大学名のない問題は，大学入試センター試験問題または大学入学共通テスト試行調査問題の問題英文から抜粋しています。

---

入門英文問題精講〔4訂版〕　S24n021

---
**p.176**
---
